feat: agent.action.prompt – for when you dont want to bring an LLM key and just use Sanity (#1078)
sanity-io/client: README.md

- **Generate** new content for a document or specific fields using LLM instructions.
- **Transform** a document based on instructions, optionally copying from a source document.
- **Translate** a document or fields from one language to another, with support for style guides and protected phrases.

> - **Prompt** the LLM using the same instruction template format as the above actions, to get text or json back

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Prompt** the LLM using the same instruction template format as the other actions, but returns text or json instead of acting on a document.
```
